problems did. Would you expect division? Also department head to deal
with As an engineering officer, I can tell you that, um, the equipment
maintenance that's required we had the PMS, the plant maintenance
system to make sure that all of the way we had was maintaining that
100% of elbow. Well, it's hard to do, is these shifts get over okay,
and all ships get old. That's that's the point. You have to do a lot
of care. Yes, if you you don't want to drive your car from the Pentagon
down to Norfolk, that's what's that driving. But if you're gonna
drive your car from the Pentagon, San Diego, that's a lot of maintenance.
That's a lot of fuel. Meth. Take care of that car. You have
to take care of your ship. You have to walk around and see phase,
and you can't take things for granted. Now one of the nice things is
they help you. They give you a lot of maintenance manuals. And as the
engineering officer, lead damage control officer. You have called
damage control plates for the ship so you can look at things you can
look at. What is the expected output for the evaporator Sze In my
time from or two. In my time we had distillers on boil the water you
boil seawater and basically make potable water. Nowadays we have what's
called Ouro Reverse osmosis two stars. So we take water from sea
water running through the filters toilet. Often we get that. So a
decision I have to make every days. Do I have enough, uh, Stillings
capability aboard my providing enough water for the crew? Do I have
enough water for coffee and drinking? You did, Havel that, um is the
U. S. Navy itself on on having that war and not being on what's called
war in hours. You don't want to be a water hours. That's not good.
So the U. S Navy Prize itself chief engineer's pride themselves on
having ships that are 100% available, percent maintenance and 100%
of drinking water of help